Add registerDestination function to the docs (#631)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/features/connectivity/destination.mdx

**Header names** keep their casing but overwrite other headers independent of casing, e.g. `AUTHORIZATION` overwrites `authorization`.
This does not apply to query **parameter names**`.
:::

### Register Destination

> With the `registerDestination` function it is possible to create destinations in the environment variables and use them like any other destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `registerDestination` function it is possible to create destinations provided via environment variables or by defining them directly in your code. You can then use this destination in the same way as those retrieved from the SAP BTP.
```

Reviewer: Do I get it correctly you can have a destination defined in your code as a plain JSON or provided as an Env Var?

Author: No, you always provide it directly as an object, not from the environment variables, the point of this function is to put those destinations into the environment variables.
